	CookingWithMarkov.py
	Max Waelbers

	PROJECT
	-------
  	A generated cookbook/recipes with a script called Markov-Chain

 	All the recipes that are to be found in the PDF File are generated by the python script Markov-Chain.
	If you want, please take a look at the recipes that were given as an output by the Markov-Chain inside of the PDF included in this
	repository. I took the liberty to sometimes edit small pieces inside of the recipes to avoid repitition or 'unlogic' actions.

	If you want to explore the markov chain further this is how it works:

	EXPLANATION
	-----------
	You can input texts of your choice inside the .txt file(s). 
	The more texts the better, the .py script will then seek for relations 	between the sentences and words within the input it's 		given.
	For this project it was necessary to create three different categories: 'VOORGERECHT' which is 'appetizer' in Dutch, 			'HOOFDGERECHT' = main course and 'NAGERECHT' which is dessert.
	The three different .txt files are filled with existing recipes from allrecipes.com. The python file then creates a new text with
	the amount of sentences you say it must produce.
	This is editable in the line: for i in range(7): print(text_model.make_sentence()))
	You can change the number in this line of code and this will determine how many sentences the script will give back
	
	HOW TO RUN
	----------
	inside of your terminal go to the destinated folder like this
	ex: cd /Users/maxwaelbers/Artez/Semester2/Digital-Media/RECIPE-GENERATOR 
	ENTER

	then run it like this: 
	ex: python markov_nagerecht.py 



	Max Waelbers
	GD3A
	ArtEZ Hogeschool voor de Kunsten,
	Arnhem
